we are currently standing on top of the
02 one of the most iconic buildings in
London to launch the Virgin strike
challenge which will be undertaking
August this year where myself my cousin
Noah and a core team a team to get from
London to the summit the Matterhorn
entirely under human power to raise
funds and awareness for life skills in
the UK through our foundation big change
that means three back-to-back marathons
from London to the coast rowing the
English Channel cycling 900 kilometres
to Verbier Switzerland piping seven days
of the hoe Groot is Irma and then
climbing the Matterhorn it's a great
cause it's a great group of people doing
something that's very brave and it's
going to be an incredible undertaking so
I'm just here to support and hopefully
I'm going to take part in some some part
of the process I'm not sure whether it
will be a little bit of running or a
little bit of cycling the Verge's drive
challenge is a platform to put forward
the necessity of life's course my role
in it is the fact that several years ago
I stumbled across out the importance and
significance of life skills and life
skills is what's helped me to get from
the life I was living in to mainstream
living and for me I just want to be a
part of strive to strive to push it
forward really you know so you got some
awesome people who signed up to join in
in the core team we've got marion
bartoli who won Wimbledon last year
other people joining for other legs like
Jack Whitehall Brian Cox so we've got a
really good group of people and it's
believed
citing the way that we're going to raise
money with a strike challenge is to
travel completely under human power from
London the top of the Matterhorn when I
say we you yeah I can do the whole thing
on some other people are going to do
select bitch in it I probably run a
marathon I think and but also I quite
fancied a hike through Switzerland I'm
not sure about climbs I'm not a great
fan of heights I think it's very
important even through sport to set
yourself some goals and some dream and
that's really the message more to spread
out is to set yourself some goals in
life whether that can be and try to be
successful in to them I'm really excited
about it but I'm also pretty daunting
still at the moment so we've got just
under three months to go I've never yet
run more than a half marathon so three
mountains in three days is definitely
gonna be a challenge for me I love this
whole vibe let's encourage people in
whatever will bit of the world that they
live in to set themselves goals to take
on challenges to gaining confidence to
go through life thinking you know what
why not I could I'm definitely most
looking forward to climbing the
Matterhorn for sure and reaching the
summit having that feeling of
satisfaction and achievement if anyone
wants find out more get involved with a
strike challenge then go visit our
website which is WWE Channel calm we've
got a Twitter which is at strive
challenge and use the hashtag we strive
we hope people share their stories and
become a part of our team
you